hey guys so I know I haven't made a
video in a really long time sorry I've
been at school but I went to the
orthodontist a couple weeks ago I went
home for the weekend and saw my
orthodontist and they changed the wire
in my braces so I don't know if you can
tell but it's a thicker wire and it's
not as pliable so they're slowly getting
me ready for surgery to where they're
gonna put in the steel wire which like
doesn't move at all I guess these ones
are titanium or something I don't know
they didn't really know what are the
lady I was asking didn't really know but
um yes so this is my first appointment
since getting the braces on and so I
hadn't seen them in like two months and
then I have another appointment with
them in the end of March and I think
that's when they're gonna put on the
steel wires but now if I think about it
that's really early because I'm not
having my surgery until June but oh well
they know what they're doing I guess I
hope hopefully um and then I when I went
in last time they took molds of my jaws
again and took a whole bunch of pictures
to send to the surgeon because i guess
like the surgeon is super busy in the
summer and so they wanted to send off
molds and everything now just so I can
make sure that I'll get a spot in the
surgery books so I can like get a date
and so they made the mold and everything
and I had to come back to school but my
mom picked them up and she dropped him
off at the surgeon's office and he was
supposed to like look at them and see if
I was ready and then give us a call to
book the surgery and they called me
yesterday and I seriously freaked out
because I answered and then the lady was
like so um would you wanna book your
surgery for april twenty fourth and it's
just so crazy to actually like be
offered a day
to have my surgery because it's always
just been like this idea that is coming
and it's like always been years away and
now it's like months away and oh my gosh
so excited i'm such a nerd i have like a
countdown on my calendar but let's not
going um and so I actually couldn't
accept the date in april though because
i'm gonna be in school until the middle
of june but they're supposed to call me
when the schedules for june come out so
I can be one of the first people in so I
am super excited the orthodontist said
that everything looks really great i'm
basically ready for surgery right now
because my teeth and everything we're
already pretty aligned because I'd been
in braces for a while before and so now
it's basically just school that's in the
way so hopefully it all goes according
to plan and nothing else happens and
this can actually just all carry out how
it's supposed to and I can have my
surgery in june but um I will have
another update video probably end of
March beginning of April cuz i think
that's when I go in to see my
orthodontist again and then I think I
only have like two more orthodontist
appointments until my surgery which is
really crazy I'm just super excited okay
so i'll talk to you guys later bye